Clarify How to Add a Domain to an Organization's Approved List (#1062)
astronomer/docs: astro/add-user.md

For more information on user roles, see [Manage user permissions on Astro](user-permissions.md).
## Add a user to an Organization

> To add a domain to your Organization's approved list, contact [Astronomer support](https://support.astronomer.io).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can invite a user to an Organization only if their email address' domain is in your Organization's allowlist. To add a domain to your Organization's allowlist, contact [Astronomer support](https://support.astronomer.io).
```
It was unclear before why this information applied to inviting a user. I tried to add some more context for why you would want to contact Astronomer for this change.
